c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\bin\Debug\PizzaDis.exe.config
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\bin\Debug\PizzaDis.exe
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\bin\Debug\PizzaDis.pdb
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF5.dll
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis.csproj.PizzaDis.exe.config
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis.g.resources
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis.exe
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\PizzaDis.pdb
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\login.g.cs
c:\users\wayii\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaDis\PizzaDis\obj\Debug\login.baml
